https://codepen.io/marcus-burrell/pen/zYobPer?editors=1100 
 
 
 1. What is Semantic HTML? html tags with meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? creating webpages and documents 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? an attribute goes inside an element to include information that we dont want on the page.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? The H1 tag is used to isolate the most important part of the text and can only be one
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes anchor and image
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? title and styles
    7. What is an id? used to give style to text in # used to perform task to whats inside the element in css
    8. What elements can I add an id to? h1-h6 p body list section
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? class is used to style or adjust elements in class 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? to provide alternate text if image can not be seen
    15. How do I reference an id? # {}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div div is a generic container that doesnt affect content
    17. What is CSS used for? to style and bring life to plain html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one Class is used to make changes to multiple elements with same class and id is used on to make specific changes to one element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? . {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? <p class ="human">
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? elements that are direct child of specific element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? <div class="sidebar"> </div>
    24. What is a pseudo selector? used to style specific parts of the element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? <--  -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? after each change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.  fork, clone, creat branch, creat pull request to submit work